next your
team um people screw up the team slide
all the time the purpose of team is
really just to talk about who's on your
team what do they do what Their
impressive accomplishments and
credentials are and if
possible how they've personally
experience the problem if we go back to
Airbnb they could literally talk about
how they were starving startup Founders
who couldn't pay their rent and the
first time they did this they set up a
website
for design conference hosted three
guests so they could pay their
rent if you can weave how you've
experience the problem into the team
slide suddenly I think of you as an
expert now what do people screw up no
titles I don't know what the roles are I
don't know who the CEO is if I'm a real
stage investor I'm trusting the CEO with
money if I don't know who they are who
am I trusting
number two who writes
code number three telling long Stories
the team site is not the opportunity to
tell your life story here's a hint there
is no opportunity in your pitch to tell
your life story unless the investor asks
explicitly for your life story and you
should double confirm they want to hear
your life
story no life
stories and then the one I always love
missing specific accomplishments there's
one company in this batch that literally
worked on the Mars
rover um the founder was like worked at
JPL and like buil softare to make the
Mars rover project actually
happen didn't talk about
it I didn't even know when we accepted
him I'm in office hours with him a month
two months into the BR and I'm like what
was what did you do at GPL and he's like
oh have you heard of the Mars rover I'm
like yeah I'm not a [__] idiot and
and he's like yeah I I did did and I'm
like can we talk about that
please if you've done something cool say
it